Free market capitalism questions-
1) The government should make no effort to pass regulations aimed at controlling the decisions made by private companies.
2) Individuals should be free to create their own businesses.
3) Workers unions should exist for most industries. (Inverse weighting)
4) The government is responsible for regulating monopolistic practices of corporations. (Inverse weighting)
5) Healthy competition should determine the price of goods, not government regulations. 

Government involvement questions- 
1) The government should make no effort to regulate the personal beliefs and lifestyles of it's citizens.
2) It is the role of the government to provide benefits for its citizens such as basic healthcare and education. (Inverse weighting)
3) No laws should be made regarding the personal bodies of its individual citizens. Citizens should be able to do what they want with their bodies.
4) The government should ensure that children recieve a basic quality of life. It should make sure that children are not being abused and are recieving a basic level of education. (Inverse weighting)
5) The government should have a minimal role in the personal lives of its citizens.

Social freedom questions- 
1) People should be free to practice different religions where they live, regardless of the country that they live in.
2) Adults should be free to marry any adult that they wish to, regardless of gender or race.
3) There should be restrictions on what people can change about their bodies. (Inverse weighting)
4) People should be free to say what they want about the government and other people, so long as it is not actively putting people in harm's way.
5) Protesting should not be allowed if it impacts the lives of people not involved in the protest, and should be met with legal action. (Inverse weighting)

Foreign involvement questions- 
1) The government should try its best to remain impartial in any foreign conflict that it is not directly involved in.
2) The government should not get involved in foreign affairs, including medical problems.
3) It is not the role of the government to provide assistance to foreign countries or organizations.
4) The government should get involved in foreign wars if they are a threat to the power of the country. (Inverse weighting)
5) We should try to keep the production of goods within the country. Goods produced locally should be promoted over imported foreign goods.

Gun control questions- 
1) To purchase a firearm, people should undergo basic background checks.
2) There should be additional requirements to purchase a firearm, such as mental health checks or mandatory wait periods.
3) People who purchase firearms should have to register said firearms with the government.
4) There should be no restrictions on what types of firearms individuals can own. (Inverse weighting)
5) Minors (people under 18) should not be able to purchase or own a firearm.

Environment/conservation questions- 
1) We need to invest more into clean energy such as solar, wind, and hydropower.
2) There should be increased efforts to develop nuclear energy as a significant part of the energy grid.
3) We need to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels.
4) Companies should be held responsible for their environmental impacts and should do their best to minimize their carbon footprint.
5) There is no need to require companies to make efforts to prevent climate change. (Inverse weighting)

Technological advancement questions-
1) We should prevent large data centers from being built in local communities.
2) Surveilance technologies like Flock cameras and other tracking devices should be welcomed in public spaces. (Inverse weighting)
3) There should not be any efforts made to regulate how technology advances or is used. (Inverse weighting)
4) The government should not be able to use any predictive models in law enforcement, such as technology that predicts a crime before it happens.
5) Technology should be used to benefit society and people, not to restrict the lives of the average person.